My hair is on the brink, scary or frightened, and I am sharply nervous. The eyebrows aren't hard, and they're not surprised and very casual. In the blink of an eye, it stands out and stands out in a very short moment. Eyes Match Two people's hearts and eyes communicate with each other. There is a habit of looking for only good things that are more than high-eyed. The eyes are turned upside down, being in a shock or obsessed with something and losing reason. My eyes are not open, I am so busy. Break the snot of the other person's pride or spirit. Destroy pride His nose flattened and he was very embarrassed or depressed. He has a high nose and has the momentum to pretend and show off. Money on the nose Little money a child has. Face-to-nose and close to each other. My mouth is dry. Says very good about other people or things. Mouth is heavy. Do not speak little or do not carry out things you know. His mouth is like an ax blade. He speaks the right words very sharply and without hesitation. Eat or drink food in your mouth. I'm sick of my mouth A metaphor for being very sick of it. Gathering mouths Several people share the same opinion. The ear is sore. The sound is sharp and it is difficult to hear. I hear it so many times that I hate listening. I am drawn to the sound of my ears flashing. Hearing the same word many times with a nail in his ear. My face is thick, I don't know the shame and have no mind It's impudent. My face is hot and I am embarrassed and have no face to deal with others. The face is blooming, and the color of the face turns. The face is full of vitality for a good thing. I don't even have blood on my head, but it's still a long way to become an adult. Or you are young. I have a sore throat and wait very anxiously. Giving strength to the neck and taking an attitude that seems to be disregarding others, pressing down on the shoulders, duties or responsibilities give a feeling of pressure. My stomach hurts I feel sick because others are doing well. My stomach is stuck on my back and I have nothing to eat, so my stomach is slim and very hungry. I have a stomach ache, and others are doing well and I am grumpy. To fill the greed by taking up a lot of wealth or profit while getting full. My heart becomes weak and my heart is filled with sorrow or pain, and it becomes difficult to bear. I feel pain in my heart from heartache. Cut out the heart and break the heart. My heart is stabbed and I am rebuked. It's hot. The liver is large, there is no fear, and it is very bold. Melt the liver to charm the heart or win the favor. The liver is cool and I am very surprised. The liver becomes swollen and bold without fear, so he says or does more than just a fraction. The liver is large, there is no fear, and it is very bold. He is cheating in his lungs and behaves or laughs excessively What is said about someone who laughs so hard. Stabbing the heart stabbing or attacking the core To stimulate the heart or emotions strongly. The heart is strong, the stomach is good and the stomach is strong. My butt is itchy and I can't sit still and I keep getting up and wanting to move. Breaking hands To stop dating or dealing I was very tense while sweating my hand. It seems to be caught in the hand, but it seems to be caught in front of the eyes. What you want is right in front of you. You have a free hand. You have a chance to rest a little or do something else in something. There is no hand playing. Get caught in your hand, get caught in your hand. It's so common that it's everywhere. Get in hand Hold hands to work in close cooperation with each other. Let go of your hand and stop doing what you were doing, or pause. The reach of the hand is crazy. Reach a certain area Washing your hands, liquidating your relationship with negative things. The hand is large and the spending is large. Be generous. There is a problem with an object that you look at and fix it. Many people know that their feet are wide. Cut off your feet and don't come back or break a relationship. There is no time for footsteps. Some places are full of people so that you cannot step on them. It's usually scattered here and there, snagged on your feet. Take off your feet and then take an active step or take an active attitude. My feet are tied and I am unable to move my body or act. My butt is itchy and I can't sit still and I keep getting up and wanting to move. Words can't come out because they are surprised or absurd when they lose their words. Put only the words ahead, only outstretch the words and do not practice. It makes sense to say that it makes sense. It is talkative and very talkative. There is a lot of controversy. Piercing the sky soaring very high The momentum is very cold. There is no broth. There is no share or benefit to return. It doesn't make sense or it doesn't make sense. Sesame pours out. It is gentle and cute. Ripped off The wife mainly complains and nags her husband from the difficulties of life. Fell on the test while eating seaweed soup. There is a side to meddle in useless things without knowing that it is far away. I can't see a single ant. I can't see a single person. No one can find Splashing cold water into a good atmosphere to blur or spoil the atmosphere. To go overboard To pay a fee or product more than the actual price. They pretend they don't know even though they are pretending. There is neither blood nor tears. Put your hips together and sit down. Drink kimchiguk and install it before things happen. It's far too wide and useless, too much to meddle in anything. It's uncomfortable to look at, and I hate it.